Hear what is up guys and what KMAX are now in this video we will be working up their Web site right
now.
OK so first before getting it started I think we need to change that theme because I just take it is
being my no right.
OK.
I'm just going to go do the appearance right now and I'm going to keep themes and I'm just going to
change the themes I'm just going to change the theme right now because I can not face this thing anymore.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to choose ocean Lupi.
OK let's come here.
This is right here.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit install right now so I just like this theme.
This is the theme is simple.
Ok this theme works pretty well.
Amazing.
That is why I dislike it so I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit activate and he can see
this team recommends the following plug ins I'm just going to go out and I'm going to install them.
OK I'm just going to click this and I'm going to hit install and I'm going to hit apply.
So it should be a fight to both of them and you can see installing and activating the plug ins and these
plug ins are activated successfully.
So now let's have a look at our Web site how it is looking so you can see this is how it is looking.
It is just another WordPress site and we have hello world and continue reading.
So you can see now we're going to overview all the settings for WordPress website.
OK.
I just wanted to change the team because I was just dying seeing that.
So first thing that we want to focus is that we want to design the forum.
OK.
So if you just go to all forums right here and then you can see this is how the forward would be.
And you're first going to design the form of our site.
So first of all what we have to do is that we need to create a new form.
OK.
And then we'll be very keen on the social networking site.
So let's just come here and let's just create a new for him.
OK so the forum name is going to be so let's suppose that you have a company.
OK.
Here you are creating a Web site for your company where you people can just come here.
Or you're just creating a website for a fool beginners like you run a restaurant.
OK.
And or you run a classroom where people can discuss everything.
So this will be like I run a hotel management software or something like that.
And I teach everybody that how can they just learn everything.
So this is going to be like recipe's
recipes.
OK recipes and in here you can see that here would be the main forum.
This would be my meaning for you.
OK.
So you can see that this type is going to be a form and the status is going to be the open so that this
forum will be open and the visibility will be public.
So this is the public forum where people can just join in and they can post anything.
So I'm just going to come here to screen options and make sure that everything is selected right here.
This is a slug basically.
OK.
This is called a slug so we don't have to just edit here.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to add anything so I'm just going to add this form is like so I can add it's like please tell
me the new recipes.
OK.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit publish right now so this forum is going to be published
so let's open up this forum right now.
OK.
And then you can see that how this for a look.
So this is how the forum is looking OK.
This is a recipe a forums and this forum is empty.
Oh bother.
No topics were found in the recipe so if I just go to forums right now OK then you can see that in the
form we have this forum that says the recipes.
So in the recipe any person can just open up any of the topics so he did.
He just opened up the topic like so like the topic is.
I just tried the prawn prawn Rice Szasz like just like I hope I'm going to all right.
BOLLING OK I don't know.
I just tried the prawn Rice just like crispy
and it was not perfect.
OK so let's suppose that I'm a guy and I want to add in a topic so I'll just edit please help in the
description.
OK so I'm just going to add please help.
OK.
And the topic Dag's can be anything the topic type would be normal since I am the guy I am the administrator.
That is why I can select that it should be sticky and super sticky.
I'm just going to tell you this sticky and super sticky later on but this is the topic.
Is normal.
OK.
And then the topic darg so I can just add any of the tags it is going to be like food prawn
help problem.
OK.
So here we go.
Notify me or follow up replies by e-mail so if anyone will reply to it I'll get an e-mail.
OK.
This is what I'm saying.
And then I'm going to hit submit.
You can see this topic.
Be inside here so you can see it Tay's replied to.
I just tried I just tried the prawn Rice Schussler recipe and it was not perfect.
OK.
So this is how it is looking.
We have this raid here and I'm saying please help.
This is the title.
This is my 12 and I am the key master.
OK.
And this is the post so anyone can just come here.
And then he can reply to it if an X Y Zed guy.
OK.
He just opens up.
He just comes to disk for him and he says that OK he's saying Dad OK let's see how it is looking so
you can see I just tried prong chust like recipe and it was not perfect.
This topic contains your reply has won twice.
And this does.
So I'm just going to go hit em in a C OK.
He has this problem.
OK what I'm going to do I'm just going to register myself and then I'm going to reply to him.
So I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to enter the user name so my user name is going to be the jack back.
OK the e-mail address is going to be
and the password so the password will be yes.
OK.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to enter my name.
So my name is going to be
Taki Pakki.
So this is my name OK.
This field can be seen by everyone.
Ok so I can change it like it will be only visible to all the members of the people who house.
I'm just going to hit complete sign and create now and it's going to wind me up then you can see.
Check your e-mail to activate your account.
So I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to activate my account right now.
I'm just gonna open up the outlook to activate my account.
So let's wait.
I just received an e-mail.
OK I have to sign it.
I have to sign myself in and then I can go ahead.
So let's just wait let's just sign in so I did not receive that e-mail in the Hotmail.
I don't know why.
So I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to activated from my administrator panel.
OK.
You can see this is.
Now I'm just going to confirm it from my side so I can confirm any of the e-mail account.
OK.
So you can see this guy is right here and I'm just going to try to log myself in here.
So I'm just going to enter this and the user name is tacked back.
So I'm just going to I'm here.
I mean enter the tack pack Let's see if I just entered the right e-mail address to you.
Or are you using to read.
Yes I just entered the right e-mail address but still I did not get the e-mail.
OK.
There might be some server issue.
I'm just going to come here I'm going to enter my password right now.
OK.
And I'm clicking the log in it to log myself in.
And again I just tried the prawn Rice just like milk jokily crispy and it was not perfect.
Please help.
Ok so I'm just gonna enter here.
Ha ha ha.
That is so funny man.
Ok so I'm going to click here and I'm going to hit submit.
So you can see this just right here.
I can just submit it trade now.
And this is great.
Here you can see.
Please help any.
That's so funny man.
I can even open up this guy's profile username and indeed say this is a profile and it says this.
OK.
And I came in public message him.
I can even favorite him and you can see Anthony Ziel just started the topic in the forum recipe's ten
minutes ago.
And he is this is his personal profile.
He has to mention as well.
He has some favorites as well.
OK so I can even public message him I can even just tell him to deal hey man how are you.
So this is I am mentioning him OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to hit post date right now so you can see Tukey back to zeal.
Hey man how are you.
So this is how this is working like Twitter you can see.
You can mention someone with the user name and it just like this.
Hey man how are you.
I can figure date.
I can delete it.
I can even comment it as well.
If I want to.
OK so now I'm just going to come here and I'm going to open my site right now.
I'm going to open up my site and you will see here a notification will be here you can see it is this
you have one.
You have one reply to tried prawn milk and Tukey back mentioned you.
So I'm just gonna open up that of what did he just replied so you can see.
Can see it.
This is so funny man.
So I'll just see it.
The hell is this guy.
He just said this is so funny.
I'm just so angry and I'm the Edman.
So what I'm going to do I'm just coed.
I'm going to open up this user.
OK.
And what I'm going to do right now I am just going to go ahead and I'm going to go to settings and I'm
going to change this guy's password so that he cannot log in or what I can do.
I can just go with a campaign platies do like what he can do to my site so I'm just going to select
this user as spammer and I'm going to save it.
And this user can log in and he can not just like post anything so if I just come here and I'm just
gonna open my say right now.
So I'm just giving you a basic overview.
You can see your account has been marked as a spammer so you can see that he just replied that this
is so funny.
That is why you can not just do anything.
This is just an example of how our Web site is looking.
OK very good to understand.
Every setting later on we will progress our course.
They they did not where you guys.
So now we are totally done with this.
OK we have now created the form we are now.
With this.
OK in the next video we'll be working the forums first and then we'll going to be breaking up with the
replies and how this messaging works and how can we build a complete social networking based Web site
so stadium guys and in the next video will be working up at that that by.